Your magic universe

Description
Match-three is a game where players need to align combinations of three identical elements. Combinations include swapping elements of the adjacent cells on the playing field. Once the right combination aligns, it disappears, and new random elements are displayed in its place. The game continues until the required number of elements disappears.

At this stage, you need to create a playing field for your future game using HTML and CSS.

Put a status bar with the state of the game on the field; it will display the number of moves, creatures, and other game stats. Also, don't forget to include a map with cells where creatures will appear as the game progresses.


For this project, please, use the following graphic materials: graphics.zip


Objectives
To complete the task, you need to create an HTML page containing the following elements:

Playing board — this is the root element that contains all other elements. Set a background image and make it fill up the entire height of the screen's viewport, with no padding on the sides. Use the board id for this item;
Status bar — a panel for game stats. Locate it on top of the screen (without any top offset); it should occupy the entire screen width with a background image. The status bar height must be 10% of the width of the screen's visible area. Use the status-bar id for this item;
Game map — a 5x5 table element with the ID map. The table should be centered horizontally on the screen. Set the height of the table to 60% of the viewport height, and ensure it remains square. Position the table with a vertical offset of 3% of the viewport height from the status bar;
Game map cell — a square element; its width and height are adjusted to the map dimensions. Make the cell borders 1 pixel wide in rgb(103, 101, 168). The cell background should be of the same color as the border, only with a transparency of 40%. Use the cell class for this item.
Tip: Remember about relative measurement units in CSS.

Example
Example 1: game overlay
(open img1 in this folder)
